DEV-491: Create a README.md file to document the Qt Launcher (#16537)
highfidelity/hifi: launchers/qt/readme.md

# HQ Launcher

> Behavior of the HQ Launcher is as follows:

Reviewer: - is this in reverse chronological order?
- what about login behavior?

* Launching the user in the current HQ domain
* Update the Interface client to the current version.
* Update the HQ Launcher to the current version

# directory structure

> ## src/ - contains the c++ and objective-c.

Reviewer: - can you please put these in ABC order so it's easier for someone looking thru the directory to follow the list?
- it looks like this list is missing some files. is there a reason for that?
- can you please surround filenames or directory names in backticks so they stand out as code-like?

Reviewer: new version looks fantastic, thank you.

> * LauncherState - hold majority of the logic of the launcher (signin, config file, updating, running launcher)

Reviewer: can you please explain a bit more what the "config file" does?

* LauncherInstaller_windows - logic of how to install/uninstall HQ Launcher on windows
* Helper - helper functions
* UserSettings - getting the users setting (home location) from metaverse
* BuildsRequest - getting / parsing the build info from thunder api
* LoginRequest - checks the login credentials the user typed in. 
* Unzipper - helper class for extracting zip files

## resources/

> * image/ - Holds the images and icon that are used by the launcher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* images/ - Holds the images and icon that are used by the launcher
```

> * qml/ - UI elements - `QML_FILE_FOR_UI_STATE` varible in LauchherState defines what qml files are used by the laucnher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `qml/`
  * UI elements
  * `QML_FILE_FOR_UI_STATE` variable in `LauncherState` defines what QML files are used by the launcher.
```

# HQ Launcher
Behavior of the HQ Launcher is as follows:
* Update the HQ Launcher to the latest version

> * Sign up and sign in is the user is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sign up or sign in if the user is not already signed in
```

* Download the latest Interface client

> * Launching the user in the current HQ domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Launch the user in the current HQ domain
```

# directory structure

## src/ - contains the c++ and objective-c.
* `BuildsRequest` - getting / parsing the build info from thunder api
* `CommandlineOptions` - parses and stores commandline arguments
* `Helper` - helper functions
* `Helper_darwin` - objective-c implemention of helper funcions
* `Helper_windows` - helper function that depend on windows api
* `Launcher` - initialized the Launcher Application and resources
* `LauncherInstaller_windows` - logic of how to install/uninstall HQ Launcher on windows
* `LauncherState` - hold majority of the logic of the launcher (signin, config file, updating, running launcher)
  * config files hold the following saved data
    * logged in
    * home location
* `LauncherWindows` - wrapper for `QQuickWindow` that implements drag feature
* `LoginRequest` - checks the login credentials the user typed in.

> * `NSTask+NSTaskExecveAddtions` - Extension of NSTask for replacing Launcher process with interface client process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NSTask+NSTaskExecveAdditions` - Extension of NSTask for replacing Launcher process with interface client process
```

* `PathUtils` - Helper class for getting relative paths for HQ Launcher
* `SignupRequest` - Determines if the users request to signup for a new account succeeded based on the entered credentials
* `Unzipper` - helper class for extracting zip files
* `UserSettingsRequest` - getting the users setting (home location) from metaverse

## resources/
* `images/`-  Holds the images and icon that are used by the launcher
* `qml/`
  * UI elements

>   * `QML_FILE_FOR_UI_STATE` varible in LauchherState defines what qml files are used by the laucnher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `QML_FILE_FOR_UI_STATE` variable in `LauncherState` defines what QML files are used by the Launcher.
```
